I'm Brooke Anderson and I'm going to
answer a few questions about myself for
content for this assignment what are my
hobbies my hobbies are designing logos
designing websites um gaming and also
anything outdoors rock climbing walking
running uh CrossCountry skiing any
outdoor sport or activity I enjoy doing
I am passionate about web design and SEO
and marketing material and figuring out
where sales marketing and design all
come together I am very passionate about
that and my average weekend looks like
me gaming in this gaming chair right
here with my husband who's a big
computer nerd um and he loves to
game and one thing that instantly makes
my day better is coffee I love coffee
what am I most thankful for I am
thankful for this class I'm thankful
that I could go back and get my degree
and learn a little bit of JavaScript and
improve my ability to make better
websites